# Call for Posters - Systems for ML Workshop @ SOSP 2019
We invite participation in the Systems for ML Workshop which will be held in conjunction with SOSP 2019 on October 27, 2019 in Huntsville, Ontario. 

## Overview

The goal of this workshop is to bring together experts working at the crossroads of machine learning, system design and software engineering to explore the challenges faced when building practical large-scale ML systems. In particular, we aim to elicit new connections among these fields, and identify tools, best practices and design principles. The workshop will cover ML and AI platforms and algorithm toolkits (Caffe2, TensorFlow, PyTorch etc), as well as dive into ML focused developments in various systems topics.
 
We welcome high quality submissions in the broad area of large scale systems and software design for machine learning.   A few (non-exhaustive) topics of interest include:
* Systems for training and serving machine learning models at scale
* Systems for online and interactive learning algorithms
* Large scale distributed learning algorithms in practice
* Database systems for large scale learning
* Specialized or custom hardware for machine learning
* Programming languages for machine learning
* Benchmarking systems (for machine learning algorithms)
* Model understanding tools (debugging, visualization, introspection, etc).
* Systems for collecting, preparing, and managing machine learning data

Through invited talks as well as poster presentations by the participants, this workshop will showcase the latest advances in machine learning systems and address challenges at the intersection of machine learning and system design.

**Dual submissions:** The workshop proceedings will be published on the workshop website, but are considered non-archival for the purposes of dual submissions. We welcome work that has already been published or is under submission to a conference, and publishing at the workshop should not preclude you from submitting to conferences in the future. However, please check any conference policies as well.

<!-- *This year, the Systems for ML workshop will be part of a two day workshop series on ML and Systems. In conjunction with this workshop, there will be a workshop on ML for Systems.
Work on machine learning for system design (e.g. learning for job scheduling, configuration tuning, database query optimization) is better suited for submission to that workshop.
See their Call for Papers for more details.* -->

## Submission Instructions

We welcome poster abstracts up to 2 pages for both the submission and camera ready versions.

__Poster Abstracts__

Poster abstracts can be up to 2 pages long (not including references). All accepted poster abstracts will be expected to present
a poster at the workshop. However, submissions in this format will not be considered for an oral presentation.

* All submissions must be in PDF format and should follow the [SOSP format guidelines](https://sosp19.rcs.uwaterloo.ca/cfp.html). Basically, an acceptable PDF can be generated by using the sigplanconf format and specifying the 10pt and preprint options.
* Submissions do not have to be anonymized
* [Please submit your paper using CMT](https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ASWSOSP2019/Submission/Index)


## Important Dates
* Submission Deadline: ~~September 10~~ September 13, 2019 11.59pm PST
* Acceptance Notifications: October 3, 2019
* Final File Upload: October 21, 2019
* Workshop: October 27, 2019

## Contact Us
Contact us at machine-learning-systems-workshop@googlegroups.com 
